It's about love of North Korea.
I'm crazy, I have a grandfather here.
tables apiccaps and fiat then it
it broke
I got the car tank here.
has inside what really happened
that arrived already with Carlos but is
in love with her mother in the area and then he
is undone because no longer want the
what happens
He arrived and I went to ask for a fight.
by goey inside by my event
car iron you're manager manager there
already threatened this woman denied the
Threat is not that I already thought I lived
with him already the business is that this then
it means that it is an evil passion
resolved
So it's the damage we've done there.
get here get more here count on
sergeant's participation in the
version of how you came to
dessert very blah blah then wanted to
with the stab you have everything
injured
everything has happened already all
smashed in the front there in the
owner of brothel and took my father
broke everything and said he was going to kill me
now I did not get the knife I did not get
nothing to threaten anyone is no longer
that scissors but the fame here could
car for me
the scissors line in my work at
most of the people who are really
they know in dreams the thing between us
A woman you know I went to
For the ball but it has nothing to do with you.
there is nothing wrong with it
among you, do not be in love with her
not
I never lived with her enem has weight in
A lot of time with her, she must want you.
There's too much just to have a guy go
tell you what she owes me money to
idea of ​​what it is is not nothing to you
It's not a drug that she uses, it 's nothing, it's not
nothing drug with this I have to contain
on the annual basis
I know jean I love a situation.
critical situation could come to
a homicide occurs and the intervention
thanks to the interventions of the
I managed to avoid getting injured
and damage to property will be conducted
arrested because he really has the shadow
What was the allegation to you cops?
military
it is like there a case of prostitution of
I suspect it 's a sexual relationship today.
unfortunately it did not work out and he already
comes threat at this moment wanting to take
her in that situation and then I heard this
disagreement between him and not who
leave the brothel and daughter's assistance
happened today he departs on top of her
the owner there the boy here takes care of too
moved between the two happened
in nightclub
the air of talking about the place